Now obviously this favorite button should work only for
signed in user so to fix this let's switch back over to
our editor go to favorite.vue
and here in toggle method we can check if
the user not sign in like so if not signed in
then we'll show warning message
here I'm going to say please login to favorite
this question.
The title is going to be warning and here I'll define some options
here I'll set the time out
to three seconds and I'll
place the flash message on the bottom left
and don't forget to add return statement otherwise
the code outside if statement will be keep executed
Let's have the change
and Firstly let's make sure everything is still working fine.
OK it's still working fine.
No let me change the sign in to false
reload again.
Here are the icon's color turns to light gray.
If I hit this icon here I
get a warning message on the bottom left.
Great
now to finish this lesson
let's fix this authentication issue.
Right now we hard coded  it here.
Now the way that we can do is to get the current user
info from the session and store it to somewhere
so that it will be accessible in javascript code.
Do you have any idea? in this case
I think the best way to do that is to store the
current user info into javascript window global
object.
So let's open layouts app.blade.php
and here let's move this script to the bottom.
Let's remove the defer attribute because
now we'll place our script on the bottom.
And before we load this app.js file Let's add another script
and here of some of the current user info in window global object
and then auth or you can call it whatever you like of course.
In this case we'll use blade non escaping syntax
because this auth needs pure data in javascript
Object
this auth will store sign in to store the
state of the user in boolean value
and user
to store the current user sign in an object.
And we need to convert this to json
using php json function like this
so that they will be recognized by javascript.
Let's save and have a look.
Reload the page.
And then view page source.
as you can see here the window auth holds object
contains sign in and user. The sign in is true because
I have already signed in and the user holds current object.
Now we can switch to favorite.vue
remove the signed in from this data method
and then inside the computer property
let's defined signed in method
and here we simply return window auth
signed in
reload the page
OK
I think it's still working as it was.
Now let me copy this
URL and then I'll open incognito window
and then I'll paste the URL
as you can see here the color of the
favorite button looks a bit like gray.
And if I hit that
I'll get a warning message.
All right
We have successfully created or I can say rewrite
our favorite button into vue js components
and it also worked as before but now it doesn't
need to reload the page to see the change.
and this makes our application more interactive. In the
next lesson we are going to rewrite the accept answer
button into vue js component.
So let's commit our changes
then take a break and join me in the next lesson.